So let's move on to our second challenge,
so
called challenge 1B,
which is called Columns and Cover.
So this is a longer piece
of text plus an image.
The markup is gonna remain the same
while your layout is gonna change
significantly through your breakpoints.
So what was step one of
our four-step process?
What is step one?
>> Study the screenshots.
>> Study these screenshots and
evaluate what's going on here.
So let us do that.
All right, so this is the desktop
version of the web page.
Anybody wanna make any comments on this?
>> Text is in three columns
>> Text is in three columns.
>> The same width as the image,
the whole text area.
>> It's all lined up there very nicely
with the image, yeah, what else?
>> There's sizable margins at the side.
>> Kind of sizable margins at
the side here on desktop, yeah.
>> Everything is left aligned
within the overall centered boxes.
>> We're definitely left aligned, yeah.
Anybody wanna comment on that content?
So notice that we're going from
preparing a cup of instant coffee
more than made up for
our perceived inferior taste.
So these are not three
separate chunks of text.
This is the same article
laid out in three columns.
Okay, that header,
does that look familiar to you?
Ha, that looks like something
we might recycle, yeah, okay?
>> Is it intentional that Instant
is a little bit different size than
Coffee Facts?
>> Yes, it is.
>> Okay.
>> Okay, all right, when I go here,
what's going on now?
>> Side by side.
>> Yeah, so now we have the image side
by side with a column of text, and
look at that, it's the same image.
See the coffee packet here?
Same image.
>> Nice, instead of making itself
smaller to fit the new margins size that
we wanna fit, it's instead zooming in and
slicing out the image.
>> Yeah.
>> There's a better word for that.
>> Kind of masking is what we
would call it in Photoshop, right?
We call it masking.
Okay, how do we do that magic?
All right, with all the text here and
one column on the side, yeah?
And then here for mobile.
What's different here?
>> The order of the elements.
>> The order of the elements, right?
For desktop, the image is at the bottom.
For mobile, the image is at the top.
Boy, yeah?
Okay, so let's take a look real quick.
Now at your beginning CodePen,
or in the questions as well.
So when any developers see columns,
they think about Flexbox or grid.
Is that the best approach here?
Anybody have any comment on that?
So when developers see grid columns like
this, they think about Flexbox or grid.
Is that the right approach here?
>> I think so.
>> You think so, why?
>> I think yes because I
took a class with you-
>> [LAUGH]
>> And we literally had things to
rearrange orders of elements based on
some fancy properties we would give them.
And those would be able to be
determined by media breakpoints, or
media query breakpoints.
>> Yeah, there's some media query magic
going on here to make the columns.
But Anna, you were disagreeing.
>> I was gonna say no just because I have
not seen it applied this way [CROSSTALK].
I'm very excited to learn how to do that.
>> Okay, so remember that that break
happened in the middle of a sentence.
Okay, so Flexbox and
grid assume that you're gonna have an HTML
element bordering that chunk of text,
right?
This is presumably in the middle of
a paragraph that we have this break
happening.
Ooh.
>> These are three separate paragraphs.
>> There are three paragraphs, but
the break in the text here is happening
in the middle of the paragraph.
Whoa, so I will point you to, the name of
the challenge is Columns and Cover, okay?
There are some hints and spoilers down
here that you can take a look at if you
need to that might help you with this.
Also, the other thing to think about
is that the image is remaining the same
in the same location in the code.
So how do we get it to change the sizes so
radically?
Again, the name of the challenge
is columns and cover.
>> Cover.
>> Cover, cover, columns and
cover, might be two things.
If you wanna look at the hints and
the spoilers,
it might help you out here, okay?
So if we open up our CodePen,
let me just show you.
Your first step is going to be to take
all of this content that you see here and
mark it up semantically, okay?
And then we're gonna go
through the answer for that.
The other thing I just
wanna point you to here,
this is the only time I
have to point this out,
is that I now have this thing around
the styles, it's called @layer base.
And I put it in here, @layer is a way
of managing the cascade inside of CSS.
We are fake using it here just to group
those base styles together that we
wrote in the stylesheet,
so that's what's in here.
This is all the stuff that we just
wrote in the stylesheet carrying over,
all right?
And we can fold it up and
forget about it now,
cuz it's just going to apply to
the semantic HTML, makes sense, okay.